Readme updates (#1)
suyogkulkarnigit/FastApiServer: README.md

# Fast-API-server

> Uses fast api to create a dummy api using whihc you ca ndo the dev work 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uses fastapi to create dummy api to test your integrations just updated the db.json file with required response and you are good to go
```
